#summary Meeting Reports

=*Report of Meeting #27*=

*Meeting Date:29.11.2011*

*Meeting Duration:5 hours*

*Meeting Location: Online, Gtalk*

*Participants: : Ervin Domazet,Bahtiyar Kaba

*Issues:*
   # We integrated the first version of the schematization algorithm with the applet


=*Report of Meeting #26*=

*Meeting Date:25.11.2011*

*Meeting Duration:1.5 hours*

*Meeting Location: ETA Building*

*Participants: : Ervin Domazet,Bahtiyar Kaba, Mert Terzihan

*Issues:*
   # We discussed about the schematizing algorithm in a deeper sense
   # We have reached an agreement on multiple branching,as a result it will be included in the algorithm
   # The class structure that is needed for that is designed
   # We concluded that Bahtiyar will reflect these changes in the applet that he has wrote
   # Also Ervin and Mert started to discuss the pseudo code of the algorithm that will have the ability to schematize multiple branchs


=*Report of Meeting #25*=

*Meeting Date:24.11.2011*

*Meeting Duration:3 hours*

*Meeting Location: ETA Building*

*Participants: : Eylül Taşyürek, Ozgur Akcali*

*Issues:*
   # User interface implementation.

=*Report of Meeting #24*=

*Meeting Date:20.11.2011*

*Meeting Duration:3 hours*

*Meeting Location: ETA Building*

*Participants: : Eylül Taşyürek, Ozgur Akcali*

*Issues:*
   # We have designed the user interface and started to implement it.



=*Report of Meeting #23*=

*Meeting Date:18.11.2011*

*Meeting Duration:2,5 hours*

*Meeting Location: ETA Building*

*Participants: : Eylül Taşyürek,Ervin Domazet, Bahtiyar Kaba, Yekta Said Can, Ozgur Akcali*

*Issues&Decisions:*
   # We understand the details of server client communication.
   # Database is deployed to the server. 
   # Login and register pages interface designs are improved. 
   # We have worked on connecting the login and register interfaces to the database deployed on the server. 
   # Decisions are made about adding the drag drop applet to the project.


=*Report of Meeting #22*=

*Meeting Date:16.11.2011*

*Meeting Duration:2 hour*

*Meeting Location: GTalk*

*Participants: :  Mert Terzihan, Ervin Domazet, Bahtiyar Kaba, Nurettin Yilmaz, Ozgur Akcali*

*Issues&Decisions:*
   # We prepared the responsibility assignment matrix.
   # We discussed the main page appearance.
   # We upload the example main page to the server.

=*Report of Meeting #21*=

*Meeting Date:04.11.2011*

*Meeting Duration:2 hour*

*Meeting Location: ETA Building*

*Participants: :  Mert Terzihan, Ervin Domazet, Yekta Said Can, Eylul Tasyurek, Ozgur Akcali*

*Issues&Decisions:*
   # We prepared the project plan.
   # We prepared some jsp screens and servlets.
   # We tried to upload them to the server.

=*Report of Meeting #20*=

*Meeting Date:02.11.2011*

*Meeting Duration:1.5 hour*

*Meeting Location: GTalk*

*Participants: :  Mert Terzihan, Ervin Domazet, Nurettin Yilmaz, Yekta Said Can, Bahtiyar Kaba, Eylul Tasyurek, Ozgur Akcali*

*Issues&Decisions:*
   # We exchanged information about web-based programs and their implementation.
   # Each of us presented graph libraries.
   # We prepared the presentation.

=*Report of Meeting #19*=

*Meeting Date:28.10.2011*

*Meeting Duration:2 hour*

*Meeting Location: ETA Building*

*Participants: :  Mert Terzihan, Ervin Domazet, Nurettin Yilmaz, Yekta Said Can, Bahtiyar Kaba, Eylul Tasyurek, Ozgur Akcali*

*Issues&Decisions:*
   # We discussed main issues like the algorithm and configuration file.
   # We changed our project plans. We started to implement a web-based project.
   # We discussed about main details of our web-based project.
   # We assigned everyone to search for graph libraries that can be used with JQuery.

=*Report of Meeting #18*=

*Meeting Date:26.10.2011*

*Meeting Duration:1 hour*

*Meeting Location: ETA Building*

*Participants: :  Mert Terzihan, Ervin Domazet, Nurettin Yilmaz, Yekta Said Can, Bahtiyar Kaba, Eylul Tasyurek*

*Issues&Decisions:*
   # We prepared our presentation
   # One of our team members implemented the database of the project, and committed it to the repository
   # We have created the project folder(and related stuff), and uploaded it to the repository
   # We divided the project into three main sub tasks
   # We divided our group to 3 subgroups, and assigned one task to every group

=*Report of Meeting #18*=

*Meeting Date:25.10.2011*

*Meeting Duration:1.5 hours*

*Meeting Location: ETA Building*

*Participants: :  Mert Terzihan, Ervin Domazet, Nurettin Yilmaz, Yekta Said Can*

*Issues&Decisions:*
   # We continued revising test scenarios.
   # We examined jgraph and discussed on how we can implement and use it in edit mode.
   # We  created a java project with essential libraries and plug-ins. We shared it via TortoiseSVN.

=*Report of Meeting #17*=

*Meeting Date:21.10.2011*

*Meeting Duration:1.5 hours*

*Meeting Location: ETA Building*

*Participants: :  Mert Terzihan, Ervin Domazet, Eylul Tasyurek, Ozgur Akcali*

*Issues&Decisions:*
   # We revised the test scenarios according to Acceptance Tests.
   # We dicussed the database implementation and schematizer algorithm.

=*Report of Meeting #16*=

*Meeting Date:18.10.2011*

*Meeting Duration:1.5 hours*

*Meeting Location: ETA Building*

*Participants: :  Mert Terzihan, Ervin Domazet, Nurettin Yılmaz*

*Issues&Decisions:*
   # We have divided the work of this week over the team members.
   # We have started doing Activity Diagrams, Component Diagrams and so.
   # We discussed the work done in Cmpe 352, and updated the necessary parts.

=*Report of Meeting #15*=

*Meeting Date:14.10.2011*

*Meeting Duration:2 hours*

*Meeting Location: ETA Building*

*Participants: : Eylul Tasyurek, Mert Terzihan, Ozgur Akcali, Bahtiyar Kaba, Yekta Said Can*

*Issues&Decisions:*
   # We discussed technical part of the architecture of our project.
   # We drew use case diagrams for two types of users: simple and advanced.

=*Report of Meeting #14*=

*Meeting Date:12.10.2011*

*Meeting Duration:1.5 hours*

*Meeting Location: gtalk*

*Participants: : Eylul Tasyurek, Mert Terzihan, Ervin Domazet, Ozgur Akcali,Yekta Said Can(half an hour)*

*Issues&Decisions:*
   # We went over our presentations for tomorrow's lecture and modified some points in mock-up scenarios.
   # We decided to provide social web activity, for instance to share the schematized map in facebook.

=*Report of Meeting #13*=

*Meeting Date:11.10.2011*

*Meeting Duration:3 hours*

*Meeting Location: gtalk*

*Participants: : Eylul Tasyurek, Ervin Domazet, Ozgur Akcali,Bahtiyar Kaba(half an hour), Mert Terzihan*

*Issues&Decisions:*
   # We prepared 2 mock-up scenario presentations for our project.
   # We summerized and went over the design issues that we talked on friday.

=*Report of Meeting #12*=

*Meeting Date:07.10.2011*

*Meeting Duration:2 hours*

*Meeting Location: cmpe student lounge*

*Participants: : Eylul Tasyurek, Ervin Domazet, Ozgur Akcali, Bahtiyar Kaba, Mert Terzihan, Yekta Said Can*

*Issues&Decisions:*
   # We went over the requirements and revised some points.
   # We had a small meeting with the course assistant and discussed some controversial points.
   # We discussed about our methodology, strategy and the tools that we will be using during the development process.
   # We decided on the project's technical points such as DBMS, libraries and development environment.
   # We decided that the project should be a web-based program.


=*Report of Meeting #11*=
 
*Meeting Date:04.10.2011*

*Meeting Duration:1.5 hours*

*Meeting Location: gtalk*

*Participants: : Eylul Tasyurek, Ervin Domazet, Ozgur Akcali, Bahtiyar Kaba, Mert Terzihan*

*Issues&Decisions:*
   # Old group members introduced the project to the new commers
   # We split into 2 groups to present the functional and nonfunctional requirements
   # We will be having regular meetings to discuss the current situation of the project and to assign new tasks to group members
   # We will be having a regular meeting on fridays and an online meeting on tuesdays to review what we have done during the week 
   

=*Report of Meeting #10*=

*Meeting Date:16.05.2011*

*Meeting Duration:1 hours*

*Meeting Location: Student Lounge & gmail*

*Participants: : Mustafa Genç, Ervin Domazet, Berna Altinel,Seçkin Savaşçı,Umur Türkay,Yekta Said Can*

We have investigated our test project "Universal Subtitles".We found the following bugs/improvements:
  # There is no a control mechanisim which verifies if I use the correct translation or not in translation part.For instance I traslated "my all" like "gerçekten şahane" and it accepts.
  # Adding subtitles line by line is time-consuming and boring.Some other mechanisim should required to write the subtitles.
  # In the help-video it says a subtitle file in xml could be uploaded into the site.I tried it but I did not succedded in.
  # When enterin very-long length subtitles they boil over the video

=*Report of Meeting #9*=

*Meeting Date:09.05.2011*

*Meeting Duration:1 hours*

*Meeting Location: STUDY & Gmail*

*Participants: : Bahtiyar Kaba, Ervin Domazet, Umur Türkay, Nurettin Yılmaz, Yekta Said Can,Berna Altinel*

We have prepared a skeleton for the class diagrams of the projects. It will be detailed and worked on later, and the last diagrams will be uploaded to the Project google page. 

P.S :We are going to investigate another project’s page, Team 8.

=*Report of Meeting #8*=

*Meeting Date:06.05.2011*

*Meeting Duration:1 hours*

*Meeting Location:ETA 18*


*Participants: Suzan Üsküdarlı,Ervin Domazet,Berna Altınel,Seçkin Savaşçı,Bahtiyar Kaba,Mustafa Genç,Nuretttin Yilmaz,Yekta Said Can,Abidin Yiğit,Umur Turkay*
 # We have reached an agrrement on: home page needs to be improved.(fro the aspects of project description,required links...etc)
 # We have reached an agrrement on:Docs versioning need to be checked,updated(maybe some of them could be insrted on the same doc)
 # We have reached an agrrement on:A project incremantal plan sould be created and insterted on the project home page.(this plan shows milestones of the project
 # We have reached an agrrement on:Meeting reports should be inserted on the same document where the latest on the top.A link for this doc should be cerated on the home page.
 # We have reached an agrrement on:Reqs need to be written on a more specisific/clearer/concreate way.
 # We have reached an agrrement on:Desing and reqs need to make equal.
 # We have reached an agrrement on:Implemeantation envrionment needs to decided.A doc for this needs to created.
 # We have reached an agrrement on:A req about reonfiguration needs to be added.


=*Report of Meeting #7*=

*Meeting Date:11.04.2011*

*Meeting Duration:2 hours*

*Meeting Location:http://flockdraw.com*
*Important Note:Related screen shots corresponding to this meeting are available in Downloads (Meeting7Report doc)*

*Participants: Berna Altınel,Seçkin Savaşçı,Ervin Domazet,Bahtiyar Kaba,Mustafa Genç*
 # We have reached an agreement on to use MVC model.
 # We divided aour arhtitecture properties as:Maintailability,Security,Safety,Performance and availability 
 # Design diagram is drawned.


=*Report of Meeting #6*=

*Meeting Date:04.04.2011*

*Meeting Duration:2 hours*

*Meeting Location:Student Lounge*

*Participants: Berna Altınel,Nurettin Yılmaz,Abidin Yiğit,Umur Turkay,Mustafa Genç,Seçkin Savaşçı*
 # We have reached an agreement with the customer from the point of the system has a single type of user who can use all the functionality of the system.
 # Sequence diagram will be updated according to above item(user)
 # Search opportunity will be added to sequence diagram
 # DB will be added to sequence diagram
 # Requirements will be updated according to meeting decisions.


=*Report of Meeting #5*=

*Meeting Date:28.03.2011*

*Meeting Duration:1hour 15 min*

*Meeting Location:Student Lounge*
*Participants: Ervin Domazet, Umur Türkay, Bahtiyar Kaba, Mustafa Genç*

A Sceneraio 2 is discussed and a short summary is written which will be detailed later.

Non-functional requirements are improved. 

Issues for future meetings:

  # What will be the organizational and external requirements?
  # Do we have any extra or undesired requirements? 

Decisions:

Mockup screens for the Scenario 1 will be prepared as a slide show.

Scenario 2 will be matured.


=*Report of Meeting #4 *=

*Meeting Date:25.03.2011*

*Meeting Duration:1 hour* 

*Meeting Location:Student Lounge* 

*Participants:Berna Altınel,Ervin Domazet,Seçkin Savaşçı,Umur Türkay* 

*İssues&Decisions: *
  # Application's mock up screen will be created. 
  # Req will be re-edited. 
  # Scenario will be completed. 
  # The customer will be informed about the scenario.


=*Report of Meeting #3*=

*Meeting Date:23.03.2011*

*Meeting Duration:1 hour*

*Meeting Location:Student Lounge*

*Participants:Berna Altınel,Ervin Domazet,Nurettin Yılmaz,Umur Türkay*

*İssues&Decisions: *
  # User definition will be added to the description (abstract).
  # Application's mock up screen will be created.
  # Numbering and titles will be added to the requirements.
  # "Issue tracking" will be searched and explored.
  # Stakeholder of the project will be specified.
  # Classification of the requirements will be done clearly.
  # Nonfunctional requirements will be clearly specified. (Efficiency, dependability, security...)
  # Quality requirement will be specified. (example: IEEE standards)
  # New task will be searched. (Scenario)


=*Report of Meeting #2*=
Functional and non functional requirements are written with  talking to the customer as the first version of the requirement,they will be detailed.

*Meeting Date:21.03.2011*

*Meeting Duration:1 hour*

*Meeting Location:Student Lounge*

*Participants:Berna Altınel,Ervin Domazet,Nurettin Yılmaz,Seçkin Savaşçı,Mustafa Genç,Umur Turkay,Yekta Said Can,Bahtiyar Kaba*

*İssues&Decisions:*
  # Input /output file format discussed with the custoer and added as  a funtional requirement.
  # DBMS will be disucced on another metting
  # Non funtional requirements will be detailed.


=*Report of Meeting #1*=

*Meeting Date:18.03.2011*

*Meeting Duration:1 hour*

*Meeting Location:Student Lounge*

*Participants:Berna Altınel,Ervin Domazet,Nurettin Yılmaz,Seçkin Savaşçı,Mustafa Genç,Umur Turkay,Yekta Said Can,Bahtiyar Kaba*

*İssues&Decisions:*
  # First Meeting with of the members of the project team
  # Create a google.code space
  # Contact with the customer and fix a meeting with the customer
  # All members of the team need to study on the possible requirements of the project
  # Another meeting will be fixed in order to write the requirements(21.03.2011 @ 17.00) 